Winery 1 - 
Adelaida Cellars: 8 miles to Canyon Villa
Adelaida Cellars’ family owned vineyards include seven distinct properties totaling 168 acres in the craggy mountainous terrain of Westside Paso Robles. Only 14 miles from the Pacific Ocean, these are steep and elevated sites (1400-2000 feet), characterized by chalk rock limestone soils. Afternoon blasts of cool coastal air create a daily microclimate that swings 40-50 degrees. Our diverse planting of 24 varietals with an emphasis in Rhônes, old vine pinot noir, dry farmed zinfandel, and mountain style cabernet sauvignon. Stressed vines produce low yields of precise flavors.

Winery 2 -
Castoro Cellars: 4.29 miles to Canyon Villa
The husband and wife team of Niels and Bimmer Udsen established Castoro Cellars with the goal of producing world-class wines from Paso Robles-appellation grapes. Each vintage presents a new challenge and Niels is more than willing to constantly and creatively experiment. This on-going research is only one of the things that ensures they meet their goal.

Winery 3 -
Chumeia Vineyards: 12.41 miles to Canyon Villa
Established in 1999, Chumeia Vineyards is owned by father and son, Mark and Lee Nesbitt, and Eric Danninger. Lee Nesbitt is also the winemaker, and vinifies grapes from Chumeia’s 20 acre estate located a few miles east of the town of Paso Robles. The vineyard is planted with an 8.5 acre block of Zinfandel and Petite Sirah, and 4 acres of Cabernet Sauvignon. In 2000, the 5,400 square foot production facilities were completed and the first vintage was produced.

Winery 4 -
Eberle Winery: 7.56 miles to Canyon Villa
the Eberle Winery production facility and tasting room were open for business and in 1994 Gary expanded underground, building the first wine caves in Paso Robles. Now, over 30 years later, Gary Eberle still greet guests daily with complimentary wine tastings, public tours of the production facility and 16,000 square feet of underground caves.  They also play host to a variety of delicious and entertaining events held at the winery throughout the year.

Winery 5 -
Jan Kris Winery: 2.67  miles to Canyon Villa
The Jan Kris Winery features a tasting room that is located in the heart of the Paso Robles wine appellation on scenic Highway 46 West to Highway 1 and the likes of Cambria, Hearst Castle and the magnificent Big Sur coastline. Situated in the middle of our organically grown Cobble Creek Estate Vineyard, the walk through the long grape arbor to the gardens above is breathtaking. The gardens feature lush native plants and specimen cork oaks. The views of the surrounding hills and vineyards offer a great place to picnic and enjoy a glass of delicious Paso Robles wine.

Winery 6 -
L'Aventure Winery: 5.94  miles to Canyon Villa
Stephan Asseo, owner and winemaker at L'Aventure Winery, began making wine in 1982, following his education at L'Ecole Oenologique de Macon, Burgundy, France. In that same year, Stephan established Domaine de Courteillac in Bordeaux. He and his family later purchased Chateau Fleur Cardinal and Chateau Robin in the Cotes de Castillion, Bordeaux. Over the next 15 years, Stephan developed into an artisan winemaker of fastidious craftsmanship and gained a reputation as a maverick vigneron. However, his true desire was to be more innovative than AOC law would allow. In 1996, this led him on  a quest for a great terroir, where he could pursue his ideal as a winemaker. After searching for over a year among the world's great wine fields, ranging from South Africa to Lebanon, Argentina to Napa, Stephan found Paso Robles. Stephan immediately "fell in love" with the unique terroir of west side Paso Robles. The rolling topography of the Santa Lucia Mountain Range, the deep calcareous soils, and the maritime influences of the renowned Templeton Gap all combine to produce a world class wine country, with the potential to craft some of the world's greatest blends. It is here, in Paso Robles, that Stephan began his adventure, "L'Aventure".

Winery 7 -
Norman Vineyards: 8.44 miles to Canyon Villa
Norman Vineyards was established in 1971 when Art and Lei Norman realized their dream of growing grapes and making wine. Art, a true pioneer, was spurred on by the memories of his father and grandfather making wine in the family home. They spent weekends scouting for the perfect site before settling on their Adelaida site in Paso Robles. Art and Lei fine-tuned their viticultural skills over they years supplying highly sought after grapes to several wineries.

Winery 8 -
Opolo: 12.75 miles to Canyon Villa
Their two families have lived side-by-side in Camarillo since 1996. As Nichols remembers, “I knew Rick to say hello to, but that was about it. Then one day, he said to me, ‘Hey Dave, I just planted 10,000 grapevines!’ “And so began the evolution of Opolo, one of Paso Robles’ newest labels. Quinn and Nichols have been neighbors in two counties since 1997 when Nichols bought vineyard property adjoining Quinn’s. Together they now own about 280 acres of vineyards in Paso Robles, about 200 acres on the Eastside and 80 on the Westside. The Westside vineyards are in the Adelaide Hills, producing wines such as Pinot Noir and Sangiovese, while the Eastside properties produce varietals such as Syrah and Cabernet Sauvignon. The majority of vineyards have been producing fruit since 1998, and a small percentage of it has been finding its way into wine made by Quinn and Nichols ever since.

Winery 9 -
Pipestone Vineyards: 9.19 miles to Canyon Villa
Pipestone Vineyards is a small family winery with a dedicated history of sustainable farming and producing handmade Estate Grown Rhône-style wines from Syrah, Grenache, Mourvèdre, & Viognier and a dry farmed Zinfandel. The winery stands nestled in our own secluded valley, tucked into the coast ranges west of Paso Robles, California. We overlook the Templeton Gap which brings cooling evening ocean breezes to our sunny terraced hillsides. Shallow, rocky, calcareous soil, combined with our microclimate, produces wines of intense flavor and aroma.

Winery 10 -
Tablas Creek: 14.54 miles to Canyon Villa
Tablas Creek’s wine production is centered around our limestone-rich 120-acre organic estate vineyard. The warm days and cool nights allow our vines to gracefully ripen the Rhône varietals we grow. Our vineyard practices emphasize dry farming and seek to maximize the expression of our terroir. We farm organically, and received our organic certification in January 2003. More recently, we have converted much of the vineyard to use Biodynamic techniques, including our dedicated herd of sheep, alpacas and donkeys who eat down our winter cover crop, fertilize the vineyard with their manure and mix it into the soil with their hooves.

Winery 11 -
Cass Winery: 10.1 miles to Canyon Villa
Cass Vineyard and Winery is located in the rolling, oak-studded hills between Paso Robles and Creston on California's beauitful Central Coast. This area that the vineyard calls home offers quiet serenity for the visitor and an ideal growing enviroment for wine grapes